README.md, before:

![Premium Store Preview](https://i.ibb.co/Ht4DX4k/preview.png)

# Premium Store, team #3
***

**Premium Store** is an online store for the [World of Tanks](https://worldoftanks.com/) -  massively multiplayer online game

## Main repositories:
***

[Frontend](https://github.com/ASKorag/premium-store)

[Backend](https://github.com/Victor-Sinitca/WG_Force3_BackEnd)

[Admin app ](https://github.com/Victor-Sinitca/wg-server-admin) was created to manipulate backend

## Live
***

[Website](https://askorag.github.io/premium-store/frontend/)

[Admin app](https://victor-sinitca.github.io/wg-server-admin/)

[Docs](https://askorag.github.io/premium-store/docs/)


## Install
***
```bash
npm install
```
## Usage
***
```bash
npm run dev
```

## Build
***
```bash
npm run build
```


## Docs compousing
***
```bash
npm run docs
```


## Authors
***
### Victor Sinitsa ###

- GitHub: [@Victor-Sinitca](https://github.com/Victor-Sinitca)
- Telegram: [@victorSinitca](@victorSinitca)

### Andrey Serikov ###

- GitHub: [@ASKorag](https://github.com/ASKorag)
- Telegram: [@ubyrfehxbu_f](@ubyrfehxbu_f)

### Zahar Bystrok ###

- GitHub: [@Zahar666](https://github.com/Zahar666)
- Telegram: [@zaharbystrok](@zaharbystrok)

### Victoria Derugo ###

- GitHub: [@victoriaDe](https://github.com/victoriaDe)
- Telegram: [@tkramor](@tkramor)

Commit message:

docs(none): add links to server for authorization and frontend with authorization

README.md, after:

![Premium Store Preview](https://i.ibb.co/Ht4DX4k/preview.png)

# Premium Store, team #3
***

**Premium Store** is an online store for the [World of Tanks](https://worldoftanks.com/) -  massively multiplayer online game

## Main repositories:
***

[Frontend](https://github.com/ASKorag/premium-store)

[Frontend with authorization](https://github.com/ASKorag/ps-auth)

[Backend](https://github.com/Victor-Sinitca/WG_Force3_BackEnd)

[Admin app ](https://github.com/Victor-Sinitca/wg-server-admin) was created to manipulate backend

[Server for authorization](https://github.com/Victor-Sinitca/wg_forge_server_auth)

## Live
***

[Website](https://askorag.github.io/premium-store/frontend/)

[Website with authorization](https://askorag.github.io/ps-auth/)

[Admin app](https://victor-sinitca.github.io/wg-server-admin/)

[Docs](https://askorag.github.io/premium-store/docs/)


## Install
***
```bash
npm install
```
## Usage
***
```bash
npm run dev
```

## Build
***
```bash
npm run build
```


## Docs compousing
***
```bash
npm run docs
```


## Authors
***
### Victor Sinitsa ###

- GitHub: [@Victor-Sinitca](https://github.com/Victor-Sinitca)
- Telegram: [@victorSinitca](@victorSinitca)

### Andrey Serikov ###

- GitHub: [@ASKorag](https://github.com/ASKorag)
- Telegram: [@ubyrfehxbu_f](@ubyrfehxbu_f)

### Zahar Bystrok ###

- GitHub: [@Zahar666](https://github.com/Zahar666)
- Telegram: [@zaharbystrok](@zaharbystrok)

### Victoria Derugo ###

- GitHub: [@victoriaDe](https://github.com/victoriaDe)
- Telegram: [@tkramor](@tkramor)
